Privacy Notice
==============

Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, with its registered seat in Munich and Berlin, Germany
Siemenspromenade 10, 91058 Erlangen, Germany
Smart Infrastructure eMobility – SI E (“Siemens”). Therefore, Siemens operates [Sifinity Charge] (“**App**”) in compliance with applicable laws on data protection and data security.

**Categories of personal data processed, purpose of the processing and legal basis**
When visiting and using the App, Siemens processes the following personal data about you:


 - **Contact Information:**
     - **Name**, including first or last name,
     - **Email Address**, including but not limited to a hashed email address,
     - **Phone Number**, including but not limited to a hashed phone number,
     - **Physical Address** such as a home address, physical address, or mailing address


 - **Financial Information:**
     - Payment Information such as form of payment, payment card number, or bank account number,
     - Cost information such as the electricity tarif you have at home 

 - **Location Data:**
     - **Precise Location**, meaning information which describes the location of a user or device with the same or greater resolution as a latitude and 
longitude with three or more decimal places,
     - **Coarse Location**, meaning information which describes the location of a user or device with the lower resolution than a latitude and longitude with three or more decimal places, such as approximate location services.


 - **User Content:**
     - **Emails or Text Messages**, including subject line, sender, recipients, and contents of the email or message
     - **Costumer Support**, meaning data generated by the user during a customer support request,

 - **Identifiers:**
     - **User ID** such as screen name, handle, account ID, assigned user ID, customer number, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account
     - **Device ID** such as the device’s advertising identifier, or other device-level ID.

 - **Purchases** such as an account’s or individual’s purchases or purchase tendencies, meaning
     - **date and time, frequency, location of charge station, use (kwh) and pattern of EV charging. Information related to purchases include name, contact details, address, cost, and transaction details like the transaction ID (data regarding transactional history)**

 - **Usage Data:**
     - **Product Interaction** such as app launches, taps, clicks, scrolling information, music listening data, video views, saved place in a game, video, or song, or other information about how the user interacts with the app,

 - **Diagnostics:**
     - **Crash Data** such as crash logs,
     - **Performance Data** such as launch time, hang rate, or energy use,

 - **Other Data:**
     - **User account** data such as username/ID and password) 
     - Charge card ID 
     - Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), car model/brand and related information about the vehicle

We process your personal data for the following purposes:  
 - **Analytics**, meaning using data to evaluate user behavior, including to understand the effectiveness of existing product features, plan new features, or measure audience size or characteristics,
 - **Product Personalization**, meaning customizing what the user sees, such as a list of recommended products, posts, or suggestions,
 - **App Functionality**
    - **Operation of the App**, such as to authenticate the user, enable features, 
    - **Maintenance and Support**, such as ensure server up-time, minimize app crashes, improve scalability and performance, or perform customer support,
    - **Security**, such as prevent fraud, implement security measures,
 - **Other Purposes**
    - **professional services**, such as installation, configuration or data migration or other related IT services 
    - **managed services**, including data center and infra-structure management, backup and recovery management 
    - **Software-, Platform-, or Infrastructure-as-a-Service**, such as collection, storage, reorganization, adaptation and making available of Personal Data. 




We only process your personal data if we are permitted by applicable law to do so. In particular, if you are based in the European Economic Area, the legal basis for Siemens processing data about you is that such processing is necessary for the purposes of:

 - Siemens exercising its rights and performing its obligations in connection with any contract we make with you (Article 6 (1) (b) General Data Protection Regulation), 
 - Compliance with Siemens’ legal obligations (Article 6 (1) (c) General Data Protection Regulation), and/or
 - Legitimate interests pursued by Siemens (Article 6 (1) (f) General Data Protection Regulation). Generally, the legitimate interest pursued by Siemens in relation to our use of your personal data is the efficient operation, management and support of the App, but we may disclose other legitimate interests for specific uses. Where we rely on our legitimate interests for a given purpose, we are of the opinion that this legitimate interests is not overridden by your interests and rights or freedoms, given (i) the regular reviews and related documentation of the processing activities described herein, (ii) the protection of your personal data by our data privacy processes, including our Binding Corporate Rules on the Protection of Personal Data, (iii) the transparency we provide on the processing activity, and (iv) the rights you have in relation to the processing activity. If you wish to obtain further information on this balancing test approach, please contact our Data Privacy Organization at: dataprotection@siemens.com.

In some cases, we may ask if you consent to the relevant use of your personal data. In such cases, the legal basis for Siemens processing that personal data is that you have consented (Article 6 (1) (a) General Data Protection Regulation).

**Push notifications** 

The activation of push notification services allows Siemens to provide you with the following helpful information: Information about charging sessions performed by the user, e.g. the start of a charging session, stop of a charging session. Information about the status of the charger of a user, e.g. a charger that is disconnected. Information about payment & team membership, e.g. team invite acceptance or rejection, information on credit balance. In the course of using this function and after activation of the push-notification permission, a connection with the push notification service of your operating system provider is established and your device receives notifications over this connection. For this purpose, information on your device identifier is transferred to your operating system provider. 


This Privacy Notice applies only to this App, and not to websites or applications offered and operated by third parties. We may provide links to other websites or applications (such as Monta ApS) which may be of interest to you. Any link to an external website or application is marked as such. Siemens is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites or applications.


**Transfer and disclosure of personal data**

For the purposes mentioned above Siemens may transfer or disclose your personal data to:
 - other affiliated companies or third parties - e.g. sales partners or suppliers - in connection with your use of the Online Offerings or our business relationship with you;
 - third parties which provide IT services to us and which process such data only for the purpose of such services (e.g., hosting or IT maintenance and support services); and
 - third parties in connection with complying with legal obligations or establishing, exercising or defending rights or claims (e.g., for court and arbitration proceedings, to law enforcement authorities and regulators, to attorneys and consultants).

If you are located within European Economic Area, please be aware that sometimes the recipients to whom Siemens transfers or discloses your personal data are located in countries in which applicable laws do not offer the same level of data protection as the laws of your home country. In such cases and if required by applicable law, Siemens takes measures to implement appropriate and suitable safeguards for the protection of your personal data. In particular:

 - We share your personal data with Siemens companies in such countries only if they have implemented the Siemens Binding Corporate Rules („BCR“) for the protection of personal data. Further information about the Siemens BCR can be found here.
 - We transfer personal data to external recipients in such countries only if the recipient has (i) entered into EU Standard Contractual Clauses with Siemens, (ii) implemented Binding Corporate Rules in its organization. You may request further information about the safeguards implemented in relation to specific transfers by contacting dataprotection@siemens.com.

**Retention periods**

Unless indicated otherwise at the time of the collection of your personal data (e.g. within a form completed by you), we erase your personal data if the retention of that personal data is no longer necessary (i) for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, or (ii) to comply with legal obligations .

**Your rights**

The data protection law applicable to Siemens when processing your personal data may entitle you to specific rights in relation to your personal data. You can find out more about those rights by contacting dataprotection@siemens.com.

In particular and subject to the respective statutory requirements, if you are located in the European Economic Area, you are entitled to:
 - Obtain from Siemens confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data;
- Obtain from Siemens the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you;
- Obtain from Siemens the erasure of your personal data; 
- Obtain from Siemens restriction of processing regarding your personal data; 
- Data portability concerning personal data, which you actively provided; and
- Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of personal data concerning you.



**Data Privacy Contact**

The Siemens Data Privacy Organization provides support with any data privacy related questions, comments, concerns or complaints or in case you wish to exercise any of your data privacy related rights. The Siemens Data Privacy Organization may be contacted at: dataprotection@siemens.com.

The Siemens Data Privacy Organization will always use best efforts to address and settle any requests or complaints you bring to its attention. Besides contacting the Siemens Data Privacy Organization, you always have the right to approach the competent data protection authority with your request or complaint.

**Do Not Track**

At this time our Internet sites do not recognize or respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals.  

**Children**

This Application is not directed to children under the age of thirteen.  We will not knowingly collect personal data via this Application from children under the age of thirteen without insisting that they seek prior parental consent if required by applicable law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to the extent permitted by law, to seek parental consent, pursuant to local law and regulations or to protect a child.

**Security**

To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, use, or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, Siemens uses reasonable physical, technical and organizational security measures.  Unfortunately, there is no complete assurance of security in transit or storage to any information that you transmit, no complete assurance that information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or organizational measures. 

**For US Residents only**

There are special notices that may need to be given to, and rights that may be available to, residents of certain US states. Please click [here](https://new.siemens.com/us/en/general/legal/us-internet-privacy-notice-state-rights.html) for those notices.


**We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time.**
