Startup package - Operator Terms & Conditions
Monta Platform Inc.  

1. Introduction
1.1. By accepting these Operator Terms & Conditions, the Operator is hereby granted a license to make use of the Start Up Package on the Monta Software, and Monta hereby agrees to provide the Monta Soft-ware to the Operator according to the terms of this Agreement. 
1.2. In the event of any inconsistency between the documents, they shall take precedence in the following order: Order Form, Operator Terms & Conditions, Terms of Use. 

2. Definitions
"Agreement" means the Order Form, Operator Terms & Conditions and the Terms of Use.
“API” and “API Documentation” means, if applicable, alternative programming interface and any accompanying or related documenta-tion, source code, SDKs, executable applications and other materials made available by Monta, including, without limitation, through the website https://docs.partner-api.monta.com.
"Authorized Users" means employees or agents of the Operator who are authorised to access and use the Monta Software, and who have been supplied with user identifications and login credentials by the Operator.
“EV Charger” means a facility suitable and intended for charging of EV’s (or plug-in hybrid vehicles); if such facility has multiple sockets enabling the charge of several EV’s at the same time, then each socket shall be considered an EV Charger under this Agreement. 
“Contract Start Date” means the date of the purchase on which the Initial Term shall commence.
"Custom Subscription Fee” means, if applicable, a fee payable by the Operator to set up a subscription on a Team or an EV Charger in Monta Hub in the module "Plans & Subscriptions". The module enables the Operator to set up a monthly paid "Plan" on a Team or EV Charger via Monta at a price determined by the Operator. Monta issues a receipt with Operator as payee and Team as payor. The fee is charged by Monta to the Operator immediately after the monthly subscription payment is charged between the Operator and the Team.
"Data Protection Laws" means all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the collection, processing, use, and protection of Personal Data, including but not limited to applicable US state privacy laws.
"Effective Date" means the date when the Operator has signed up and purchased the Start Up Package. 
“End User“ means an individual user who utilize or access a service provided by Monta, such use and access regulated separately and not by this Agreement; 
“EV” means an electric vehicle (or plug-in hybrid vehicles).
“Fair Use Policy” means the Fair Use Policy related to use of the API, available on the website https://docs.partner-api.monta.com/
"Usage Fees" means fees based on EV Charger activity and Fleet usage including Transaction Fees, International Transaction Fee and Roaming Fee. 
“Fleet” means the sum of drivers of electric vehicles (or plug-in hybrid vehicle) organized in a Team managed by the Operator to manage vehi-cle integration, charging, billing and operations.
“Fleet Charging” means the ability to add Fleet Drivers to a Team to charge an EV on EV Chargers by (i) Team Wallet as a payment method where all transactions of the Fleet are invoiced at the end of the month, or (ii) by payment card or similar authorized payment method, in either case initiated via the Mobile App or by RFID.
“Fleet Driver” means an Authorized User that has been added as a member of a Fleet, if applicable including vehicle telematics integra-tion, with the purpose of enabling the driver to charge their EV by use of the Mobile App or RFID Card.
“Fleet Reimbursement” means the reimbursement by a Team of out-of-pocket electricity expenses held by the Fleet Driver of a private charge. 
"Force Majeure" means an event, or a series of related events, outside the reasonable control of the Party affected, such as failures of the internet or any public telecommunications network, hacker attacks, denial of service attacks, virus or other malicious software attacks or infections, power failures, industrial disputes affecting any Third Party, changes to the law, disasters, epidemics, pandemics, explosions, fires, floods, riots, terrorist attacks, and wars;
“Initial Term” means the agreed years or months commencing on the Contract Start Date as set out in the Order Form.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means all intellectual property rights globally, whether registrable or unregistrable, registered or unregis-tered, including any application or right of application for such rights (including but not limited to copyright and related rights, database rights, confidential information, trade secrets, know-how, business names, trade names, trademarks, service marks, passing off rights, unfair competition rights, patents, petty patents, utility models, semi-conductor topography rights and rights in designs);
“Internal Transaction Fee” means a Transaction Fee where the charge occurs between Teams or Team member(s) within a Team under the same Operator. This fee type applies when the API is used to start an EV Charger of the Operator.
"Mobile App" means the mobile application known as Monta Charge that is made available by Monta through Google Play Store and Apple App Store. 
“Monta Hub” means the Monta partner portal and its features including but not limited to the charge point management system which the Operator has been granted access subject to the terms of this Agreement.
"Monta Software" means Monta Hub and the Mobile App by Monta to the Operator as a service, and any other services Monta has agreed to make available to the Operator, including if applicable Support Services, in accordance with this Agreement.
"Operator Data" means data of or regarding the Operator's, and if applicable Third-Party Customers’, EV Chargers and Fleets, made avail-able to Operator through the Monta Software. 
“Order Form” means the sign-up form the Operator has completed and accepted in order to activate its Monta account. 
“Party” means either the Operator or Monta, collectively referred to as the “Parties”.
"Personal Data" means any information that directly or indirectly identifies an individual, including any information that is “personal data”, “personal information” or “personally identifiable information” under Data Protection Laws.
“Platform Fee” means an annual fee paid in advance for access to the Start Up Package on the Monta Software. 
“Privacy Policy” means the privacy policy as amended from time to time available on the US website version of www.monta.com and in the Mobile App. 
“RFID” or “RFID Card” means a Radio Frequency Identification card which is a card embedded with a radio frequency identification chip used for purposes such as access and transaction authentication. The RFID card allows for contactless communication between the card user and an EV Charger, initiating the charge session and facilitating the payment of the charging via the payment method chosen in Monta Hub or the Mobile App.
“Roaming” means the ability for the Operator to share an EV Charger with the public. Roaming is optional and may be enabled within Monta Hub. 
“Roaming Fee” means a fee payable by the Operator to a paid charge session by an external user (non-Monta user) via a roaming partner, i.e. an MSP (Mobility Service Provider). Only applicable to EV Chargers on a Team under the Operator that has enabled "Roaming" in Monta Hub. The fee is charged instantly after the charge by Monta to the Operator.
“Start Up Package” means the selective services made available via the Monta Software for eligible startups at a significantly reduced cost during their business validation phase with no personalized support or SLA’s. 
“Team” means the account structure in Monta Hub whereby the Opera-tor can organize EV Chargers and Fleets.
"Term" means the term of this Agreement which shall begin as of the Effective Date and remain in force for the duration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable, during which both Par-ties are bound by the terms of this Agreement.
“Terms of Use” means the terms of use as updated from time-to-time available on the website of Monta.
“Third Party” means any person other than Monta or the Operator.
“Third-Party Operator” refers to a Third Party whose EV Chargers and/or Fleets are operated and managed on the Operator's account in a Team by virtue of a sublicense from the Operator. 
"Transaction Fees" means a fee payable by the Operator per paid charge session completed on an EV Charger on a Team under the Opera-tor. The fee applies on transactions paid by use of a payment method offered by Monta, including but not limited to the wallet, payment via credit cards, or charges via a charge key connected to a wallet.

3. License to the Monta Software
3.1. Monta hereby grants to the Operator a non-exclusive license to use the Start Up Package on the Monta Software during the Term. 
3.2. The Operator will via Monta Hub and the Mobile App be able to manage its EV Chargers and Fleets and have access to the agreed fea-tures and services made available by Monta. The total amount of active EV Chargers will at all times be visible in Monta Hub. An EV Charger is considered active once it has been installed with the software solution of Monta and set as active in Monta Hub.
3.3. The Operator may as part of the license make use of and access the API. Any usage must be in accordance with Monta’s API Documentation and Fair Use Policy. All terms in this Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to usage based on API.

4. Use of the Monta Software 
4.1. The Operator may only use the Monta Software according to the terms of this Agreement. 
4.2. The Operator may not transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the license granted to use the Monta Software without the prior written confirmation of Monta. The Operator is granted permission to subli-cense to Third Parties that own or has the right to manage the EV Charger, provided the Operator ensures the sublicensee adheres to these Operator Terms & Conditions. 
4.3. The Operator warrants that it shall not use the Monta Software in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful activity, or in connection with any other activity that may harm the reputation of Monta. 
4.4. Any use by the Operator of Monta Hub and Mobile App shall be in compliance with the separate Terms of Use, as may and will be updated from time-to-time. 
4.5. The Operator may only permit Authorized Users to access or use the Monta Software. The Operator shall not, and shall not permit any of its Authorized Users to: (a) rent, lease, or resell the Monta Software or, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement, permit any Third Party to access or use the Monta Software; (b) reproduce, reverse engi-neer, disassemble, decompile, copy, or make derivative works of the Monta Software or any feature or function thereof; (c) input or upload to the Monta Software any data, content, or material that is unlawful or violates or infringes upon the rights of a Third Party; (d) circumvent, disable, breach, or endanger any security or other technological features or measures of the Monta Software; (e) alter or remove any trademark, copyright notice, or other proprietary rights notice that may appear in any part of the Monta Software; or (f) develop a competitive product or service to the Monta Software or copy its features, functionality, or user interface.

5. Fleet Management
5.1. By integrating a Fleet onto Monta Hub i.e. inviting Fleet Drivers to a Team, the Operator can centrally manage Fleet Charging and Fleet Re-imbursements and has a centralized overview of charging expenses, financial reporting, usage rates and vehicle telematics. 
5.2. The Operator shall at all times ensure that all information, includ-ing but not limited to contact details, RFID, and vehicle information of the Fleet Drivers are correctly registered and that any vehicle and/or user is removed from the Monta Hub if it is no longer a part of the Fleet. 
5.3. The Operator shall daily monitor the Fleet transactions via Monta Hub and without undue delay notify Monta of any irregularities.
5.4. The Operator will be solely responsible for all usage of RFID cards. If the Operator suspects any misuse, failure, unauthorized charging, criminal activity or alike on a RFID card, they shall immediately notify Monta and remove/suspend the RFID card on the Monta Hub. 
5.5. Monta may at any time set a monthly limit on Fleet Charging and/or Fleet Reimbursement. The Operator is only permitted to have a monthly total outstanding equal to the limit granted by Monta. The limit is the maximum amount up to which the Operator is allowed to utilize using the Monta Software. Monta is entitled to monitor adherence to the limit. If the Operator exceeds the limit, Monta shall be entitled to require that the Operator facilitates a payment within 14 days from such payment notice, so that the outstanding is within the agreed limit. Monta is entitled to suspend access to the services if the limit is exceeded. 

6. Fees
6.1. The Operator shall pay the following Usage Fees to Monta in ac-cordance with this Agreement.  
-	Transaction Fee: 5%
-	Roaming Fee: 5%
-	International Transaction Fee: 0,5%
-	Custom Subscription Fee: 0%
6.2. All Usage Fees are calculated and invoiced monthly based on the activity registered on each EV Charger and visible in Monta Hub on the last day of each invoicing period. The invoice includes Usage Fees for all EV Chargers that have been active in the period.  
6.3 A Platform Fee will be invoiced once annually in advance. 
6.3. All amounts stated in or in relation to this Agreement do not in-clude any taxes, levies, duties, or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, but not limited to, value-added, sales, use, or withholding taxes, assessable by any local, state, provincial, federal or foreign jurisdiction (collectively, "Taxes"). Operator is responsible for paying all Taxes associated with purchases under this Agreement, which shall be included as a separate line item on each invoice and payable by the Operator to Monta.

7. Payments
7.1. Monta shall issue invoices for the Fees to the Operator on or after the last day of a calendar month.
7.2. The Operator must pay the Fees to Monta within 30 days from the invoicing date. The due date will be stated on the invoice. The Operator must pay the Fees using such payment details as set out on the invoice.
7.3. If the Operator fails to pay an invoice within the due date, Monta is entitled to claim a late payment interest rate set at a charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance.
7.4. In the event the Operator fails to pay Fees within the due date, Monta may suspend the Monta Software provided the Operator has not paid the outstanding amount within 14 days from receiving a notice of late payment from Monta. A suspension will not relieve the Operator of its obligation to pay such invoices or any other fees payable to Monta.  

8. Privacy
8.1. Monta may collect, store and use Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) from the End User pursuant to its Privacy Policy, which regulates Monta's processing of Personal Information from the website, Monta Hub and the Mobile App.
8.2. Monta shall notify the Operator in writing of any actual or suspect-ed breach of the security or confidentiality of any Personal Information of the Operator or its End Users or other Operator data as soon as rea-sonably practicable and no later than 72 hours following discovery of such breach. Such notification shall include all relevant details known to Monta regarding the breach, including the nature of the breach, the date of the breach, and the identity of the affected individuals. Monta shall also take all necessary measures to contain the breach, prevent further unauthorized access or disclosure, and cooperate fully with the Operator in any investigation or remediation efforts related to the breach.
8.3. If this Agreement is terminated, the Operator has the right to access their data within 6 months from the termination date. 

9. Intellectual Property Rights
9.1. Monta retains full ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Monta Software, including all documentation, technology, know-how, developments, future versions and data. 
9.2. Nothing in this Agreement shall be considered an assignment or transfer of any Intellectual Property Rights from Monta to the Operator, or from the Operator to Monta.
9.3. The Operator acknowledges and agrees to not perform any activi-ties which could infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of Monta or to obtain a copy of the software behind any of the Monta Software. 
9.4. Intellectual Property Rights to any developments, designs or im-plementations made available specifically for the Operator are the exclusive property of Monta unless otherwise specifically agreed in a separate project plan.  
9.5. The Operator hereby grants to Monta the express right to use Opera-tor's company name and logo in marketing, sales, financial, and public relations materials and other communications with the sole purpose to identify Operator as a Monta customer. Monta hereby grants to Operator the express right to use Monta’s name and logo solely to identify Monta as a provider of Services to Operator. Neither Party may use the other Party's marks, codes, drawings or specifications in other situations without the prior written permission of the other Party.
9.6. The Operator shall in its marketing efforts always be respectful to the Monta brand and trademarks. The Operator shall comply with our brand guidelines and reasonable instructions. 

10. Warranties, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
10.1. THE MONTA SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS", "AS-AVAILABLE" AND WITH "ALL FAULTS", AND NEITHER MONTA NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, ACCURACY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, PERFOR-MANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. The Operator acknowledges that the Monta Software may be modified, updated, interrupted or suspended at any time without notice or liability. Monta will use reasonable endeavors to notify Operator in advance of any modifications, updates or interruptions. Monta agrees to provide reasonable notice to the Operator if any of the Monta Software are to be suspended. The Monta Software are only designed and compat-ible with those hardware systems specified from time-to-time as Sup-ported EV Chargers. 
10.2. Monta does not assume any responsibility or liability for the hardware of the EV Charger and shall not be liable concerning any subject matter arising from or related to the hardware regardless of the form of any claim or action (whether in contract, negligence, strict liability or otherwise) to the extent the use of the Monta Software has caused (i) any such liability as referenced in the Terms of Use, (ii) any equipment damages, fires, personal injuries; (iii) product liability; or (iv) security breaches. 
10.3. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Monta shall not be liable under or in connection with this Agreement for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, or punitive damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, for loss of production, use, business profits, revenues, or goodwill. In addition, in no event shall Monta be liable for damages in the aggregate for all claims in excess of amounts paid to Monta by the Operator hereunder during the 12-month period preceding the date on which the first claim arose. The foregoing limitations of liability shall not apply to the extent such loss has been caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct.
10.4. The Operator shall indemnify and hold harmless Monta for any claims directed towards Monta from an End User, sublicensee of the Operator or other Third Party resulting from an issue, defect or mal-function that is related to the hardware of the EV Charger.
10.5. The Operator acknowledges that Monta will not provide any legal, financial, accountancy, or tax advice under this Agreement or in relation to the Monta Software; and, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, Monta does not warrant or represent that the Monta Software or the use of the Monta Software by the Operator will not give rise to any legal liability on the part of the Operator or any other person.

11. Term and termination
11.1. This Agreement enters into force on the Effective Date and is in force for the duration of the Term. Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically extend for successive twelve (12) month periods (each a "Renewal Term"), such Renewal Term starting from the date immediately following the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, unless a Party terminates the Agree-ment with 90 calendar days written notice before the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable.
11.2. If a Party commits a material breach of this Agreement, and the material breach cannot be remedied by the Party within 30 days after receiving a written notice of a material breach from the other Party, then the non-breaching Party may immediately terminate the Agreement. If a material breach in its nature is not remediable, the other Party may immediately terminate the Agreement. 
11.3. Subject to applicable law, either Party may terminate this Agree-ment immediately by giving written notice of termination to the other Party, in the event the other Party (i) is dissolved; (ii) ceases to conduct all (or substantially all) of its business; (iii) is or becomes unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (iv) is or becomes insolvent or is declared insolvent; (v) convenes a meeting or makes or proposes to make any arrangement or composition with its creditors; (vi) has an administra-tor, administrative receiver, liquidator, receiver, trustee, manager, or similar appointed to administer any of its assets; or (vii) has received an order for the winding up of its business, or has passed a resolution for the winding up of its business. 
11.4. Monta may terminate this Agreement by giving 30 days written notice if the Operator fails to make a payment within the due date.

12. Force Majeure 
12.1. If a Force Majeure event gives rise to a failure or delay whereby a Party cannot perform its obligation under this Agreement (except an obligation to make a payment), that obligation will be suspended for the duration of the Force Majeure.
12.2. A Party that becomes aware of a Force Majeure event which gives rise to, or which is likely to give rise to, any failure or delay in that Party performing any obligation under this Agreement, must (i) prompt-ly notify the other; and (ii) inform the other of the period for which it is estimated that such failure or delay will continue.
12.3. A Party whose performance of its obligations under this Agree-ment is affected due to Force Majeure must take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of the Force Majeure event.

13. Effects of termination
13.1. The obligations of the Parties under this Agreement that by their nature would continue beyond termination (including but not limited to use restriction, liability limitation, indemnification, confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights) shall survive and continue to be in effect after a termination of this Agreement.
13.2. The Operator shall cease any use of the Monta Software after this Agreement is terminated. Except to the extent expressly provided oth-erwise in this Agreement, the termination of this Agreement shall not affect the accrued rights of either Party.
13.3. Within 30 days after the termination of this Agreement, for any reason, (i) the Operator must pay to Monta any Fees for Monta Software provided to the Operator up until the termination of this Agreement; (ii) Monta must refund to the Operator any Fees paid by the Operator to Monta in respect of Monta Software that were to be provided to the Operator on a date after the termination of this Agreement, without prejudice to the Parties' other legal rights; and (iii) the Operator must, at the written request of Monta, return or destroy all documents and other tangible materials that have been received from Monta, including all copies thereof. 

14. Appointment of Monta as Limited Payment Collection Agent & AML/CTF Checks 
14.1. The Operator hereby appoints Monta as its limited agent solely for the purposes of receiving funds from End Users for delivery to the Operator, and remitting such funds to the Operator. Monta hereby ac-cepts such appointment and agrees to act in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and as otherwise directed by the Operator with re-spect to collection of such payments. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that, as between the End User and Operator, the Operator will regard any payments received by Monta as limited agent of the Operator to be constructively received by the Operator. The Operator acknowl-edges and agrees that receipt of a payment from an End User by Monta pursuant to this Section 14.1 shall satisfy and extinguish the End User's obligation to the Operator to the same extent as direct receipt by the Operator of such payment from the End User. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 14.1 shall limit the Operator's rights or remedies vis-à-vis Monta if Monta fails to remit a payment to the Opera-tor in accordance with this Agreement. The Operator further authorizes Monta to provide written receipts to End Users in connection with payments received by Monta on the Operator's behalf, and such receipts may (in addition to providing other information) contain statements or representations, which shall be binding on the Operator, acknowledging that the payment discharges the End User's obligation to the Operator to the same extent as if the payment had been received by Operator direct-ly.        
14.2. Monta will as agent acting with the authority of the Operator (being the principal), determine whether to accept any orders relating to the charging of electric vehicles made via the Monta Software, and a notification of any order acceptance shall be submitted to the user by Monta.  Monta is not liable and does not take any responsibility for the provision of the charging of electric vehicles by users.  
14.3. The Operator and its customers may be requested by Monta, or a third party acting on behalf of Monta, to provide documentation to confirm the identity of the Operator and/or its customers, including ultimate beneficial ownership, registered office and place of business. Monta may ask the Operator to provide documentary evidence to prove this and/or may carry out checks on the Operator or persons connected to the Operator electronically.

15. Confidentiality 
15.1. As used herein, "Confidential Information" shall mean all confi-dential or proprietary information disclosed orally or in writing by one Party to the other that is identified as confidential or whose confidential nature is reasonably apparent under the circumstances. Monta's Confi-dential Information includes the Monta Software and the Confidential Information of each Party shall include the terms and conditions of the Agreement and all pricing. Confidential Information shall not include information which: (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no fault of the receiving Party; (b) was in the receiving Party's lawful possession prior to the disclosure; (c) is lawfully disclosed to the receiving Party by a third party without restriction on disclosure or any breach of confidence; or (d) is independently developed by the receiving Party.
15.2. Each Party agrees to (i) hold the other's Confidential Information in confidence, (ii) use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care), and (iii) not use or disclose such Confidential Information other than in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder or as otherwise authorised by the Agree-ment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may disclose any of the other Party's Confidential Information to its employees, contractors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, and other advisors ("Representa-tives") that have a need to know such Confidential Information in con-nection with such Party's performance under the Agreement and that have agreed to be bound by confidentiality obligations similar to those in this Section 15. Each Party shall be liable to the other under this Agreement for any breach of this Section 15 by its Representatives. A Party shall notify the disclosing Party in writing of any loss or unau-thorised or inadvertent use or disclosure of or access to the disclosing Party's Confidential Information promptly following the receiving Party's discovery of such event, and shall promptly take measures to minimise the effect of such event and to prevent its recurrence.
15.3. The confidentiality obligations of this Section 15 will remain in effect for the duration of the Agreement plus five (5) years following its termination; provided, however, that all obligations under this Agree-ment relating to trade secrets will survive for so long as any such Confidential Information remains a trade secret under applicable law.
15.4. The receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information of the disclosing Party if it is compelled by law to do so, provided the receiving Party gives the disclosing Party prior notice of such com-pelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assis-tance, at the disclosing Party's cost, if the disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure.
15.5. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, each Party will: (a) immediately cease all use of the other Party's Confidential Infor-mation; and (b) upon request, within ten (10) calendar days, confirm in writing to the other Party that it has permanently erased from computer memory, destroyed or returned to the other Party the other Party's Confidential Information, as well as any copies thereof on any media or in any form. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Monta may retain Operator data as required by applicable laws, regulations, court orders, subpoe-nas or other legal process. Any failure of Monta to return or destroy electronic copies of Operator data that are automatically generated through data backup and/or archiving systems shall not be deemed to violate the provisions of this Section, provided that (i) Monta shall not use such back-ups or archived copies of Operator data for any purpose; (ii) such copies shall be subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth herein; and (iii) such Operator data is deleted in Monta's due course and within a commercially reasonable timeframe.
15.6. Each Party agrees that the other Party may have no adequate remedy at law if there is a breach or threatened breach of this Section 15 and, accordingly, that either Party is entitled (in addition to any legal or equitable remedies available to such Party) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief without the necessity of proof of actual damages to prevent or remedy such breach.

16. Miscellaneous
16.1. This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement and shall supersede any purchase terms of the Operator or any previous agree-ments, arrangements, or understandings between the Parties in respect of that subject matter. 
16.2. If at any time, any provision of this Agreement becomes illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, such provision shall be amended to come as close to the original intent as possible, and the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
16.3. This Agreement, and any disputes arising out of or related hereto, shall be governed exclusively by the internal laws of the State of Dela-ware, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules.
16.4. The Parties are independent contractors. Subject to the limited appointment of Monta as agent set forth in Section 14.1, this Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the Parties.
16.5. Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the other Party's prior written consent. Notwith-standing the foregoing, Monta may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an affiliate as part of a reorganisation, or to a purchaser of its business entity or substantially all of its assets or business to which rights and obligations pertain, without the Operator's consent, provided that: (a) the purchaser is not insolvent or otherwise unable to pay its debts as they become due; (b) the purchaser is not a competitor of the Operator; and (c) any assignee is bound hereby. Any attempt by either Party to transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement in violation of this Section will be void.

17. Updates
17.1. From time to time, Monta may update the Terms of Use. By mak-ing use of the Monta Software at any time, the Operator agrees to be bound by the terms of use applicable at the time of such use. 
17.2. Monta reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify, update, or otherwise revise these Operator Terms and Conditions at any time. Any material revision shall be notified to the Operator one (1) month in advance before taking effect. Any use of the Monta Software after a notification shall be considered an acceptance by the Operator of the revised Operator Terms and Conditions.

Version date: 19 May 2026
 

